{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Consolas;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red13\green63\blue129;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red83\green83\blue83;\red16\green60\blue192;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c4314\c32549\c58039;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;
\cssrgb\c40000\c40000\c40000;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01.;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl500\sa287\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs42\fsmilli21333 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Movie\'a0Trailer Website: Getting Started
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\qc\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://docs.google.com/document/d/1joDQNQl_4icYYm6tM_F9ch5hZEH_f157hlljSUGOLWs/export?format%3Dpdf&sa=D&ust=1487312635853000&usg=AFQjCNE5z2uQgwdXPi_I7Gn-I9YedseLzw"}}{\fldrslt 
\f0\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 PDF Download}}
\f0\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\qc\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa287\partightenfactor0

\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Project Description
\f1\b\fs34\fsmilli17333 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 In this project you will build a Movie Trailer Website where users can see your favorite movies and watch the trailers. You'll be writing server side code to store a list of movie titles, box art, poster images, and movie trailer URLs. The data will then be expressed on the web page and allow users to review the movies and watch the trailers. (Here's a hint: The data for the movies will be stored using Classes!)
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 NOTE: Because this project is a part of the Programming Foundations with Python course, if you have successfully completed the project before, please e-mail us at fullstack-project@udacity.com
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 You'll be learning how to write an application using object-oriented Python programming as well as how to serve HTML using a web server and how web servers receive requests, execute a block of code, and generate a response.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Project Display Example
\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf2 Getting Started
\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 For those who are new to the world of programming, having nothing (except your knowledge thus far) to start may feel a little overwhelming. Before we begin doing anything coding, there are several steps that you should take to make sure that you have everything downloaded in order to run your future web application.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 The Programming Foundations with Python course will help you 
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 get starte
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 d, specifically {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://classroom.udacity.com/nanodegrees/nd004/parts/0041345401/modules/356120945175460/lessons/997889780/concepts/10136290530923%23&sa=D&ust=1487312635860000&usg=AFQjCNG59Tm5n1Rpgca-MEqr2muKfs0XIw"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Lesson 3a}}. Be sure to review the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://storage.googleapis.com/supplemental_media/udacityu/997889780/Lesson%25203a%2520Notes.pdf&sa=D&ust=1487312635860000&usg=AFQjCNGdQH8X4fkOGUKJcdq6jBz9PAzk4A"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 course notes}}\'a0provided in the Downloadables section of Lesson 3a, this document will be very helpful understanding how the starter code fits in with your Python Movie class.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Make sure that you have Python downloaded on your computer. You may use Python 3, but keep in mind that we are going to be using Python 2. While this shouldn't be too problematic, Python 3 is not backwards compatible and you will be responsible to figure out any discrepancies.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Download the file 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 fresh_tomatoes.py
\f0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0which contains the 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 open_movies_page()
\f0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0function that will take in your list of movies and generate an HTML file including this content, producing a website to showcase your favorite movies.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Your task is to write a 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 movie
\f0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0class in 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 media.py
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 . To do this, think about what the properties of a movie are that need to be encapsulated in a movie object such as 
\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 movie titles, box art, poster images, and movie trailer URLs. Look at what 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 open_movies_page()
\f0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0does with a list of 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 movie
\f0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0objects for hints on how to design your 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 movie
\f0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0class.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Next you\'92ll want to write a constructor for the 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 movie
\f0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0class so that you can create instances of 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 movie.
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 You can now create a list of these 
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 movie
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0objects in 
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 entertainment_center.py
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0by calling the constructor 
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 media.Movie()
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0to instantiate 
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 movie
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0objects. You\'92ve given movies their own custom data structure by defining the 
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 movie
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \'a0class and constructor, and now these objects can be stored in a list data structure. This list of movies is what the 
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \strokec3 open_movies_page()
\f0 \cf4 \strokec4 \'a0function needs as input in order to build the HTML file, so you can display your website.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\sa320\partightenfactor0

\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 \strokec4 Project Evaluation (Rubric)
\f1\fs32 \cf5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf4 \strokec4 The project will be evaluated on a \cf3 \strokec3 Does Not Meet Specifications or Meets Specifications\cf4 \strokec4 \'a0scale. An esteemed project reviewer has written {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://discussions.udacity.com/t/project-1-checklist-read-this-before-you-submit-your-project/39852&sa=D&ust=1487312635868000&usg=AFQjCNFyydnOUBeFEKXAfQx-R4_MvsUzdQ"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 a guide on preparing your project for submission}}. Refer to it for guidance on crafting the perfect project!
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 The rubric is broken into four major categories:
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa390\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Functionality
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \ulc5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Does your project work the way it's supposed to? Are movies and their poster images being displayed on the web page? Is there a trailer link? Does it open from the Python file error free?
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa390\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Code Quality
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \ulc5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Is your code organized and professional? If you need an idea of how to format and style your code to look organized and professional, check out the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/pyguide.html&sa=D&ust=1487312635871000&usg=AFQjCNFb5KhCyAsfoNeiNqM5LpxFhothgA"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Google Python Style Guide}}\'a0and the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0008/&sa=D&ust=1487312635871000&usg=AFQjCNE3Fp9TFf2y8fTeL4vCDIyipJJfeA"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 PEP-8 site}}.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \strokec4 Because Python is sensitive to white space and indents, make sure that you follow the formatting rules found here.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa390\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Comments
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \ulc5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 Do you use comments to describe what is going on in your code? Would other developers be able to take a look at your code and easily be able to understand what your code is trying to do? A good starting point to see how to comment code would be to take a look at the comments section of the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://google-styleguide.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/pyguide.html&sa=D&ust=1487312635874000&usg=AFQjCNHRLehZLTCB4kzHzZK8DCZi7jv-Dw"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Google Python Style Guide}}.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\sa390\partightenfactor0

\b\fs32 \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 Documentation
\f1\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf5 \ulc5 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0\fs32 \cf4 \ulnone \strokec4 When submitting your project, be sure to include a README file detailing how a user is to run your project (how to open the movie trailer website).
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Include information, such as, how do they get your code (download, etc.), are there any requirements? Are there any commands that need to be run in order to run your application?
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 A good example to get you started (provided by a current student on the forum) is the README file for bootstrap: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.google.com/url?q=https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap%23quick-start&sa=D&ust=1487312635876000&usg=AFQjCNG5qn_iEn-IefF2h8Kt1jL1Ncl0Hg"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf3 \strokec3 https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap#quick-start}}
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\fs32 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 While this example is a bit extensive, it gives you an idea of what the purpose of a README file would be. README files are great because when there are programs that have a lot of interconnecting files or are new, README files provide instructions to other users on how to run your program.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl440\partightenfactor0

\b\fs37\fsmilli18667 \cf4 \cb7 \strokec4 To Submit
\b0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \cb7 \strokec4 Once you have finished your project, go to the student portal, and you should be able to submit your project there.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf4 \cb7 \strokec4 If you run into any trouble, send us an e-mail at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:fullstack-project@udacity.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \ul \ulc6 \strokec6 fullstack-project@udacity.com}}, or you could make a post about the issue you are facing in the forum and we will be more than happy to help you.
\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 \cb1 \strokec2 \
}